[ Music ]
>> US Navy sailors on board
the USS Ronald Reagan were some
of the first to respond to the
tsunami and nuclear disaster
in Fukushima, Japan in 2011.
Now they're suing TEPCO,
the company in charge
of the stricken Fukushima
Daiichi nuclear power plant.
At least 71 sailors on the USS
Ronald Reagan have reported
radiation sickness.
>> It's a shocking
story, and I first learned
of it last March 11, which
was the second anniversary
of the Fukushima
catastrophe, beginning in 2011.
>> They had kept this
buried for two years?
>> Two of the sailors came to a
big gathering in New York City
to mark the anniversary,
and they were suffering
health effects
from their service
on board the Reagan.
Turns out that the Reagan was
anchored just a mile or two off
of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear
power plant during the worst
of the radioactivity releases.
Which was news to me, I mean,
I followed this as
closely as I can.
Two years into this thing I
find out that the Reagan was
that close to these catastrophic
radioactivity releases.
So the crew on board that
ship, 5,000-plus sailors were
in harm's way for
several long days on end,
not warned by TEPCO, not warned
by the Japanese government,
not warned by the
United States government,
which had radiation-detecting
planes flying all
over north eastern Japan.
>> Regina Meredith: I've decided
to devote two to three programs
to the subject of
radiation contamination
from the disaster at Fukushima.
My intention is to look at the
subject as honestly as we can,
and more so to look at the
very real ways we can protect
our bodies.
I've interviewed several
scientists, doctors,
and healthcare practitioners,
and thank goodness
there are rather simple
and inexpensive remedies.
But first we need to look
at the problem up close.
Dr. John Apsley first
highlighted the problem
in his book "Fukushima
Meltdown" back in 2011,
but things have taken
a turn for the worst,
so he's here to update us today.
I think everybody's doing
stories on this at the moment
because there has been
some breaking news.
And what we just saw there
in that little clip
is the breaking news,
and you're involved with this.
>> Dr John Apsley: Yes, I am.
I was contacted by the legal
team representing the sailors.
And what they wanted me
to do was put together some
treatment protocols and a team
to be able to help
these sailors.
And my book goes into how
people can reverse a lot
of this exposure once
it's in the body.
We have that data
from Chernobyl,
where they decontaminated
the children
with some very simple
things, as you mentioned.
And it was very effective.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Apsley: But these sailors
were exposed to huge volumes.
>> Regina: Now they were
what, just to get it straight,
they were only a
mile or two off shore
when the plume went up, right?
>> Apsley: That's correct.
>> Regina: And there
were 5,000, roughly,
a little more than
5,000 on board?
>> Apsley: That's right.
But there were also
crews that went
up in helicopters
and flew through --
>> Regina: Through the plume?
>> Apsley: Yeah.
Continuously.
And those helicopters
had to be buried,
they were so contaminated,
they couldn't clean them.
So for the open doors in
the helicopter for people
to be breathing that air in, you
can imagine they're quite sick.
>> Regina: So now when we're
looking, because you are
up close to this story, what are
we looking at percentage wise?
I know they said 78 have come
down with obvious symptoms.
But when it comes to thyroid
disease, cancer and so forth,
it usually has a much
longer gestation period.
So what are you actually
expecting to see out of this?
>> Apsley: You know,
that's a really great point.
With people that were exposed
to large doses right away
they became sick pretty quick.
For those that were exposed
to the smaller doses,
which in many cases can
be even more lethal,
but it does take longer.
So there are different
kinds of radiation
that can cause different kinds
of problems in the human body.
And so we might see a majority
of the crew at some point
in time, say over
the next ten years,
experiencing some
serious difficulties.
>> Regina: Is it fair to say
that maybe it's even an
optimistic view to say
that only 78, they were
right in the blast of it,
but only 78 are seriously
ill right now.
Does that say something?
>> Apsley: That's
a small number.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Apsley: But there were crews
that not only flew directly
into the plumes with
the helicopters
that were doing recon, but then
there were the cleaning crews.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Apsley: So that is where the
number is a little bit smaller
than the 5,000 sailors
that were on board.
Some just stayed under the deck.
>> Regina: Now the thing is
they weren't warned about this,
there was no information given,
they had flights going overhead,
the US government
was monitoring this,
the world of science
was monitoring this.
They had to have seen
what was going on.
But these guys on the ground
or in the water, as it were,
and all of the others
that were working on this,
including the Japanese,
were given no heads up as
to what they were
being exposed to.
>> Apsley: That is correct.
And we -- there has been
no nation on the Earth
that has been good or equipped
or prepared or has moved
through these crisises
with wisdom,
it's always been
chaotic, it's with crews
that on the left hand doesn't
know what the right hand is
doing, with the captain
of the ship, for example.
I assume that if the captain
of the ship knew
that he would be stationed or
sailing through the plumes
that he would have taken evasive
action before it occured.
They also didn't realize just
how dangerous these plumes were.
Did anyone from either Japan
side or the US side think
to warn the captain of the ship?
I don't think the communication
systems were just that good.
Historically, they haven't been.
>> Regina: But it's not just
that, it's taken two years
for you and for the other
journalists that we just saw
to even begin ferreting some
of this information out.
It sounds as though it was --
and we know there have been
serious allegations in terms
of the TEPCO higher-ups,
of hiding the data.
But also the US has
been hiding the data,
people have been trying to
go for it under the freedom
of information act and
had very little luck.
Can you talk about
this a little bit?
>> Apsley: Sure.
When the Atomic Energy
Commission was first formed it
was part of the CIA, and
their job was to not --
not let the public know
what was really going on.
It wasn't until Clinton,
President Clinton,
released the information
in 1997 that the horrors
that were taking place
with the nuclear program
on US soil was released
to the general public.
They became extremely good
at hiding the information.
In the case of Chernobyl, it was
outlawed to release information
for three years under
severe penalty.
It took twenty years
to get that data
so that we now know what
actually happened at Chernobyl,
which is the basis for
how we know what's going
to be happening with Fukushima.
Now just two weeks ago the
Japanese parliament made it a
violation of their secrecy act
to divulge any information
that's coming
out of the Fukushima now.
So they replicated what
the Soviet Union did back
with Chernobyl in 1987.
We also saw this occur
with Three Mile Island.
It was 15 years, basically,
before they got the
information out.
>> Regina: That's criminal.
>> Apsley: It is criminal.
>> Regina: I mean, isn't --
aren't these governments sitting
in a position for massive
class action lawsuits,
are they protected, have
they protected themselves
through some sort of loop hole?
>> Apsley: Yeah.
The Ferris Doctrine
protects the governments
from being sued by
military members.
It's like one of the worst
things that we have done
to our military service members.
It's going to be real tough
to make the lawsuits --
>> Regina: Well, like
agent orange, I mean,
they have a long
history of -- yeah --
exposing these guys to just
horrid stuff, and then --
>> Apsley: And they rationalize
it in different ways,
saying that well, if we're
going into harm's way,
and that's our purpose,
of course crazy,
chaotic things are
going to happen.
We can't have everybody
suing us.
But in cases where we knew
that where they built
the Fukushima plants was
in the worst possible location,
the ground water that flows
down from the basic mountain
that's behind it, constantly is
bathing that entire area with
water that has to flow into the
Pacific. So if there's
any leakage it comes
out of these things,
it goes right into the Pacific.
>> Regina: Since you
brought that point up,
one of the people I also
interviewed was Adam Trumbaley
on this subject.
When he was young he
was invited back there
and was shown the
diagrams of the --
what was going to be the
fully constructed site.
So this was several decades ago.
And he was looking at
it, and we'll take a look
at the sound bite and
see what he had to say
when he saw the renderings
of this plant.
Let's take a look.
>> So I went out there with
them, went out to Fukushima.
And as soon as I got there, I
was like, okay, why am I here?
You know, what am I doing here?
And I looked at these things.
They're very proud of their sea
wall, their ten meter sea wall.
You know, it was kind
of like, new back then.
And I was like, this
is not high enough.
This sea wall is
not high enough.
And then I saw where their
diesel generators were outside,
and I said what's going to
happen if a tsunami comes
over this wall and
floods these generators.
These things were obvious.
I was only just there,
it wasn't like you had
to be some great
genius to see this.
And they said well, our
geophysicists assure us
that there's not going to
be an earthquake above 7.5.
And I said, but you had
a tsunami in the 1800's
that went back a
hundred miles inland
which means that that earthquake
was over 8 points, easily,
and that tsunami that
resulted was also giant
and would have gone
right over this wall.
These structures
weren't designed
to sustain a 9 point
quake, ever.
They're just not.
>> Regina: Well, so it appears
they were certainly aware
from the very beginning
this could be a problem.
I mean, even from
reading novels one knows
that Japan has always
been the subject
of very powerful earthquakes.
I mean, here we are,
this is the site of it.
Throughout its history and
literature, it always speaks
of these earthquakes that
have occurred and wiped
out whole regions
of the country.
Why in the world would
that not have been taken
into consideration, as you say,
with the very delicate location
of this and the contents
of these nuclear cores?
>> Apsley: The only explanation
is that there's money to be
made. The tax payers subsidized
the building of the plants
at tremendous expense.
So when the power comes
out and it's cheaper,
no one considers the fact
that the tax payer already
subsidized the building
of the plant.
When it's decommissioned,
the tax payer pays for that,
no one talks about that.
And when there's an
accident like this,
the tax payer pays for it again.
Nuclear power is
not cheap at all.
It's very dangerous. People that
are involved with government
that get officials
elected that are involved
with the nuclear power industry
are the ones that are motivated
by factors that don't have
to do with human safety.
>> Regina: No, not at all.
And lest it sound like we're
bashing the fellows at TEPCO
and in Japan, the reality is
we've done it, Russia has done
it, we know for a fact that most
countries are covering this
information up to
their own people
for the same reasons,
for economic gain.
Purely economic gain.
Let's talk about the
cores themselves, okay?
The reactors themselves.
First of all, I was reading
through some of your material
and you were saying that some of
these cores, here we have one,
two, three, and four
reactors. Now one, two,
and three are reaching what
is called the China syndrome.
And if you can talk a little bit
about exactly what that means,
and how close those are to
that, and the information
that has been given out
officially around what's going
on there, that would
be very helpful to us.
>> Apsley: Very helpful.
So we know for background
that Chernobyl likely
caused the death of just
under a million people.
From the five-year
study that was done
over a twenty year time period
by five Russian epidemiologists.
They were meticulous
in surveying 5,000
peer-reviewed studies and showed
that about a million
people were killed.
Eight million were crippled.
Now, at Unit one,
there's approximately two
to three times the amount of
nuclear fuel that has melted
down compared to Chernobyl.
>> Regina: Two to three times
just in reactor Number One?
>> Apsley: Just in
Unit Number One.
And Unit Number Two, same thing.
And Unit Number Three,
same thing.
>> Regina: So we're looking
at a multiple of what?
>> Apsley: At least seven.
And that's the hush-hush.
That's what nobody
wants to talk about.
But from all of the science
and from knowing the history
of Three Mile Island
and Chernobyl
and what damage was actually
done -- see, let me take --
and give the audience an idea.
All of the predictions
for human loss of life
and injury are based upon
theoretical mathematical models.
They have never been accurate.
What does portend the truth
is actual historical facts.
So if Chernobyl told us that a
million people died over twenty
to twenty-five years, and
eight million were crippled
over twenty to twenty-five
years and now we have unit one,
unit two, unit three, that
had basically complete core
meltdowns --
>> Regina: We're looking
at essentially a factor
of about 63 million that
would be impacted.
>> Apsley: Yeah.
We're looking at no
less, in my opinion,
than seven million people
dead over twenty-five years,
and then over the next
80 years past that,
another seven million.
And the same way
with the injuries.
We're looking at seven
times eight crippled,
and then another seven
times eight crippled
over the average 80
years from there.
Now this -- the reason
is, is because one
of the most lethal radioactive
hot particles is cesium 137
and 134.
And it has a biological
impact of 300 years.
It just doesn't stop.
That's the problem.
>> Regina: And there are
some other very esoteric,
interesting information
surrounding that cesium 134
and 137 that we'll get
to in a little bit.
Let's talk about what
happened with Number Four.
Because we all saw the
news a couple of weeks ago,
they were going to
start removing the rods
and this is very, very
tricky and dangerous.
This isn't -- on a scale that
hasn't ever been done before.
>> Apsley: That's correct.
>> Regina: Let's talk
about what that entails
and what the implications
are of that.
And also if you know,
how that's progressing.
>> Apsley: Well,
what we're looking
at here are the stored
fuel rods at unit four.
Unit four was not
active at the time,
it was just a storage facility.
The pool here underwent
at least three fires
and several explosions.
That meant that the water
had to come off the top
of these stored fuel rods.
The individual squares
are called assemblies.
They hold a number of
rods, up to 60 to 70 rods.
And they were damaged during
the fires and the explosions,
and nobody knows to what extent.
Now that will cause the
entire assembly to be brittle.
So when they're lifted out
and put into other containers
for safe removal they
could easily break apart.
That's what we're considering to
be the greatest risk right now.
>> Regina: But they are
underway in doing this, right?
>> Apsley: Yes.
>> Regina: And where are these
rods, these brittle, broken,
spent, whatever,
rods being sent to?
>> Apsley: Well, they're
going to be moved next door.
>> Regina: What do
you mean next door?
>> Apsley: Well, there's another
storage facility that has one
of the world's largest
stores of nuclear material.
And it's only 200
feet, 300 feet away.
So we have a diagram, if
you look at reactor four,
there's an arrow there that
points to the actual building,
to the upper left,
the slight upper left,
is one of the world's
largest storage facilities.
It's called the Common
Fuel Storage Facility.
It houses well over 6,000
of these assemblies.
It's just a huge facility.
Now what we're worried about
is that if an event, a fire,
a massive fire breaks
out at Unit four,
it could turn off
again the electricity
in the entire campus.
That would eventually cause
the Common Storage fuel pool
to fail.
It might take several weeks,
but that's one of the risks.
With the amount of cesium,
just one of the thirty elements
that we're most concerned with,
with the amount of cesium that's
in both unit four
and the common,
it's enough to contaminate
the entire northern hemisphere
and cause massive
extinction events.
>> Regina: Okay --
>> Apsley: That's what
we're worried about.
So let me explain this.
Those fuel assemblies
are 15 feet tall.
They have to be lifted out with
a crane and if they're brittle
from the prior fires
and explosions they
could break apart.
If they break apart, they fall
back down, they land on top
of other assemblies, and
that's where a chain reaction
or a near-chain reaction
starts to cause a fire.
What happened during the
tsunami to unit four was
because of the ground water
saturating the ground underneath
unit four and the tsunami,
unit four started tilting
like the Tower of Pisa.
And they became concerned
that it could topple.
If it did topple with
that amount of fuel just
in unit four, that meant
that a fire would start
that could not be put out,
and that would risk the
Common Storage Facility,
you know, 200 feet away.
So they built as fast as they
could a building on top of it
that enables the -- these
assemblies to be pulled out and
put into great caskets that
can then be off-loaded
into a safer area of the campus.
That's going to take 18 months.
>> Regina: 18 months
if thing go well.
>> Apsley: If things
go well, right.
>> Regina: What is
the current status?
Have they been successful
in removing some
of the rods safely thus far?
>> Apsley: Well, as I said,
two weeks ago they put a black
out -- it is against
the law for information
to be released now
from Fukushima.
That was done by parliament
about two to three weeks ago.
That's not good.
>> Regina: And you know,
this could be rumor,
but depending on,
you know, the source,
there has been some implication
that there's plutonium
involved as well?
>> Apsley: There is plutonium.
>> Regina: In reactor
number four, in particular.
>> Apsley: Well, there was
more in unit number three,
but there's plutonium in
all of these facilities.
And of course that's
among the most dangerous
and lethal of all the particles.
>> Regina: So that
is accurate, anyway?
>> Apsley: It's an absolute
fact, there is plutonium
that has been sprayed in
large areas of Fukushima.
There were large particles that
wound up over half a mile away.
That's one of the
heaviest metals known.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Apsley: And then it could be
vaporized into tiny particles
that have been actually tracked
over to the United States.
>> Regina: Yes.
Okay. Let's talk about
the migration patterns,
we've looked at what's
happening there.
Now that there's a black
out we're not likely
to hear much more from
any official sources,
not that we've heard
much from them anyway,
in terms of how the extraction
of the rods is going, right?
And so the rest you've
caught us up-to-date
in terms of what you know.
Is there anything else
that you care to share
about the condition of the
four reactors at this time?
>> Apsley: Well, just to finish
up that section on unit four,
it's not just me that's bringing
this forward, there's a lot
of other great scientists
much smarter than I,
including the former chairman
of the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission, Dr. Jacko.
He's going around in as
many locations as he can
to warn the public about
this unit four risk.
Over the next 18 months,
we have to watch it.
Let me give your
audience some signs.
If there's ever an announcement
that a fire has broken
out at unit four that
does get out to the press,
and it likely would if there's a
serious event, there's 48 hours
that would be needed to kind of
see if it would quench itself,
it would be contained.
That would be bad
but not horrific
for the west coast of the US.
If, however, they state we have
to evacuate the plant,
that's bad.
That means the west coast within
six to seven days is going
to get hit with a massive
amount of fall out.
And that's what I worry about.
So there are thing that
we can do to deal with that.
>> Regina: So pay
attention to the news
of either a fire
or an evacuation?
>> Apsley: That's correct.
Now let's get back to units one,
two, and three with the leakage
into the ocean that's
already happened.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Apsley: My book
predicted, it forecasted
that seven times the
amount of radiation
from the Chernobyl
incident would be released
from Fukushima.
We know -- we have confirmation
that three times the amount
has indeed been released
into the Pacific Ocean already.
Now that is something that
can cause massive initiations
of damage to the food
chain in the Pacific
that might rival
extinction events.
It turns out that National
Geographic just published
on November 5 an
incredible study
that showed while they were
surveying the ocean bottom
around the west coast of the
US, they normally expect to find
about 1% dead matter
on the ocean floor.
They're seeing 98%.
>> Regina: Is that true?
Now I've seen the
articles come out,
then I've seen I think it
was an article by someone --
a marine biologist at Deep Sea.
Deep Sea said no,
not the case at all.
And I know there are a lot
of people shooting
articles via the web back
and forth to each other.
It's near an extinction kind
of event, others saying no,
that's absolutely not true.
>> Apsley: This is the battle.
The point of propaganda is
to turn truth into untruth,
and to turn untruth into truth.
To be able to sort that out
scientifically is a real
problem, because we have
the bending of science occur
because some of these big vested
interests can hire the greatest
scientists to state whatever
they want them to state.
National Geographic is one
of the most experienced
scientific groups
that has been monitoring
the ocean floor
for a number of years.
They're very, very credible
in what they publish.
>> Regina: They are.
But you know what, I
learned more recently
that they have editorial
controls at the top also,
depending on if --
I'm just saying this,
I'm playing devil's
advocate now.
If they have a particular
agenda, and you have to look
at it, would it be in
anybody's best interest
to terrify the public
to that extent?
Maybe yes, maybe no.
I'm just saying what if.
>> Apsley: Well,
let's look at what if.
Let's say there are people that
have enough data to show --
we've got to really question
that National Geographic data.
Well, then how do you explain
the number of sea orcas,
the killer whales, the massive
die-off we've seen with them.
How do you explain the
salmon runs that are going
into the lowest numbers
they've ever seen.
How do you explain the
tuna, the blue fin tuna
that comes all the way, migrates
across the Pacific, both ways,
several times a year,
100% contaminated
How do you explain the
starfish massively melting.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Apsley: How do you
explain the sea urchins?
How do you explain
the sea otter?
These are events that different
scientific bodies are recording
and we also have what appears
to be a lack of information
and confirmation coming
from our own US FDA
and the Canadian Food
Inspection Agency.
So what's happened?
It's gone into the
hands of universities
and investigative reporters
that bring the truth forward.
I consider those people just
as credible as anyone else.
>> Regina: I was
agree with that.
Absolutely.
I mean, when Fukushima
happened, aside from the shock
and horror everybody went
through, my instinct was,
I know this is bizarre,
every now and then I
like wild-caught tuna, and so I
called my fisherman that I buy
from in Oregon and
ordered that day,
before anything could
reach the west coast.
And that supply has run out, and
I know many, many people feel
like I do, that's kind of
it for any kind of sea food
from the Pacific Ocean.
>> Apsley: Good, wise decision.
Until proven otherwise --
there's a rule in science
that I think is the thing
that we need to use here.
Until proven otherwise
that the sea food is safe,
let's just stay away from it.
>> Regina: But the FDA isn't
supplying us with any data,
they're not -- no special
precautions, testing,
batch testing, nothing.
>> Apsley: No. In my book I
document that Hillary Clinton
who was the secretary --
what was she, the head of
the Department of State --
yeah, she told the
Japanese don't worry,
we're going to help you
economically, we'll make sure
that the market channels
stay open.
Well, the FDA was sitting there
on all the ports monitoring
from radiation coming in.
Suddenly that stops, or
it was severely curtailed.
The same thing happened
in Canada.
So that's when these
universities
and investigative
reporters started noticing
that when the Japanese
fleets that fish all over
the Pacific were dropping
off their seafood
in the Canadian ports.
And 90% of it was
contaminated with 134 and 137,
it can only have come from
Fukushima if it has 134 in it.
That's cesium, that
particular kind of cesium.
So there's something foul
going on with our agencies.
They're not designed to
protect the public so much
as these agencies are designed
to protect the policies
of the government.
>> Regina: Yeah.
I would absolutely
agree with that.
Okay, so I was going to
ask you about the center --
the Center For Disease Control.
But there was something else I
wanted to talk to you about
prior to that -- before that.
Oh, I know what it was, it had
to do with the distribution
of air borne versus ocean
migrations of the radiation.
We'll look at the ocean
migrations and some graphs
of it in a little bit.
But Patrick Flanagan created
-- I believe he was --
he was involved in
the creation --
fiddling, he's always
creating things,
of a super-sensitive
Geiger counter.
It picks up things other normal
Geiger counters simply don't
pick up.
And he has been taking
that with him out and about
around the United States
and looking at the migration
of air borne radiation, and
let's just take a quick look
at what he had to say in
his findings very recently.
>> Well, it's coming over
and polluting the waters
of the entire west coast,
all the way from Canada,
all the way down to the
tip of South America.
And -- and there's a huge amount
of -- of radiation in the water
and some of it's also in
the air, sweeping over.
In fact, we're getting more
radiation than the people
who live in Japan are getting
because it's all
blowing this way.
>> Regina: So it appears that --
I mean, one would have to assume
that this air borne radiation
has already completed its
circuit around the planet.
Is there any place that
has not been exposed
to the air borne radiation?
>> Apsley: Well, the
southern hemisphere is fairly
well protected.
It will cross over, but it will
take longer and less will do so.
So the southern hemisphere
is relatively protected.
Both in the ocean currents
as well as the air.
>> Regina: Sounds like Canada
and the United States are the
most vulnerable at this time.
>> Apsley: And Europe as well.
But yes. Also you have times
when there's lots
of precipitation.
And so if it happens to
coincide when there's fall
out in the upper atmosphere, the
moisture will cling on to that
and then drop it to
the Earth at that time.
Let me give you an example.
During the after math of
the explosions at Fukushima,
Philadelphia was one of
the hardest-hit areas,
according to Centers for
Disease Control data,
the infant death rate jumped
to over 40% in Philadelphia
because it had received
one of the highest levels
of rainfall during
that time period.
We saw the same thing
occur in Vancouver, Canada
where it jumped up to I think
it was close to 45% or higher,
the infant death rate.
And we saw an average
of 30% increase
in the infant death rate
along the west coast,
all the way down to San Diego.
Why is that?
Infants are 10 to a thousand
times more vulnerable
to radioactive particles
than an adult is.
We have better systems
to keep it under control.
One thing the audience
ought to keep
in mind is the reason we
can do something about this,
what these hot radioactive
particles do when we inhale them
or ingest them is they
produce massive amounts
of hydrogen peroxide.
We have systems that can
quench that, fortunately.
We just have to turn that on
full hilt, and then we have
to remove the hot particle
as quickly as possible,
and then prevent reexposure.
That's the answer.
>> Regina: Now I'd like to
get into the esoteric part
of our discussion because we've
hit on cesium 134 and 137.
And you brought it up off
camera, looking at the flower
of life behind me saying
that this is actually a really
intrinsic part of the story.
So we have a very well-educated
and open-minded audience.
So maybe you can explain
what the interaction
between that piece --
that particular geometry
and cesium 134.
>> Apsley: So the reason
why that there's the bending
of science possible with all
of these nuclear accidents,
and you have one
group argues oh,
it's lower than normal
background radiation,
it can't possibly hurt
you, or it will be diluted
over the entire atmosphere
of the northern hemisphere,
or it will be diluted
in the Pacific Ocean
before it hurts you
on the west coast of the US.
That's the argument that
they stand upon to say
that there's no harm that's
going to be occurring from this.
But there's a serious
problem with that.
The natural borne radiation
does not include cesium 134
and cesium 137.
In every cell of our body
there is a new cell biology
that has been formed by some
of the most brilliant cell
biologists of our age,
Gilbert Endling, Freeman
Cope, Raymond Damandean,
all highly credentialed,
geniuses
like Einsteins of
cellular biology.
And what they have done
is they have looked
at the water molecule inside all
of the cells in the human body
and they noted that potassium
and a special protein that comes
from mother's breast
milk form a relationship
to structure water inside
the cells of our body
that basically runs everything.
It runs the genetic code, it
runs all the enzyme systems.
Well, potassium is easily
replaced and readily replaced
by tiny amounts of
radioactive cesium.
So because it does not occur
in nature, it only occurs
in these accidents or in nuclear
explosions, these tiny amounts
that don't fit into the idea
that, oh, you have to go
above a great level to
cause harm to human beings,
it's completely wiped
off the table.
Tiny amounts of radioactive
cesium will indeed cause massive
harm to tissue.
And it's not easily
taken back out again,
you have to do it
very specifically
with very special clays.
>> Regina: So the body's
recognizing it. Is it, like,
faking out the potassium
absorption or something?
>> Apsley: Exactly.
The protein we get from mother's
breast milk is a very strong
negatively charged protein.
Cesium and potassium are
both about the same size
and they're both
positively charged.
So that protein just whips it
right out of the blood stream
and pulls it right
into the cell.
And then harmonics
develop, which --
you're referring to the esoteric
component of this thing.
It turns out that water
that's properly structured
with potassium and the mother's
breast milk protein holds
memory, it holds our thoughts.
It could be considered the
mind of the human body.
>> Regina: I think Masaru Emoto
popularized the
notion that water
has memory, but many,
many other people have done work
on it decades prior
to that proving it.
>> Apsley: Exactly.
Gilbert Link has shown that
the communication between cells
and within cells is
this structured water.
And the -- the pulsation
of potassium
with this protein
with the water.
So if cesium gets in
there that's radioactive
and it throws the potassium out
and it just generates huge
amounts of hydrogen peroxide,
it burns and burns and burns,
and nothing can be done
about it unless you know
what to do about it.
>> Regina: Okay.
Let's go back to the
Centers for Disease Control
for just a moment, even though
they're part of the government.
So who knows what you
can trust from them.
But nonetheless, they
do have some data
that they have published
in terms
of thyroid disease
and cancer rates.
Can you just kind of put us in
the loop on the official story?
>> Apsley: Well, Joe Manguano
and Janet Sherman
are epidemiologists
that take the Centers
for Disease Control data,
the raw data, and if enough
time elapses they can get very
accurate models as to
how many children --
in this case children --
were injured and in what way
that did not occur
in previous years
when we did not have
a nuclear accident.
So they did this related
to the Chernobyl incident
and now they're doing it
with the Fukushima incidents,
and they've done it
with other events,
with nuclear power plants that
were leaking, for example.
But in terms of the latest
study that Joe Manguano
and Janet Sherman released, it
related to the spike in children
with thyroid disorders
that can, for all intents
and purposes, can
only be attributed
to the Fukushima event.
>> Regina: Okay,
how does this show
up if you have a little
child, what kind of --
I mean, the thyroid is
one of the master glands,
so how does a thyroid
disfunction show up in a child?
What are some of the
most common signs?
>> Apsley: Well,
we talked about it
when we first started
mentioning about this.
The first thing that happens
is the immune system plummets
in the very young,
and so the common cold
that normally wouldn't be
a problem or the common flu
that normally wouldn't become
a problem becomes lethal.
And that causes the
spike in the increase
in death rates of the infants.
Later on as this radiation
continues in the children
that survived, that didn't
die from the initial exposure,
the thyroid then starts
dwindling in its ability
and all sorts of chronic
illnesses start seeping
in at earlier ages.
Eventually, it can relate
to autoimmune disease
with the thyroid, and it will
eventually lead to large numbers
of children having
thyroid cancer.
That's happening right now
with the Japanese children.
>> Regina: Okay.
One of the things that I wanted
to get to, because I want to get
on to all of the ways in which
we can start detoxing our
bodies, our children's bodies,
and protecting ourselves
because we can.
I just feel it's fair for
everybody to know exactly what's
up and what we're
being exposed to.
But the one area that very
seldom is ever spoken of is any
kind of potential, more subtle
radiation exposure that's
happening from our
own nuclear reactors.
We spoke about the --
we spoke about them
for a moment earlier on,
but I don't think people
in the United States
have an idea of how many
of these nuclear
facilities exist,
decommissioned and active.
So let's just take a look
at a graph to get an idea
of how much is surrounding
us, just in the United States.
Not counting France
and other places.
We're talking about
yellow are decommissioned,
if you can't read that.
And the red are active
nuclear power plants, right?
Look at the east coast.
How many facilities
are we looking at here?
>> Apsley: A total
of 102, I believe.
And there's about
70 that are online.
>> Regina: Okay.
Okay, so what --
realistically, there they are.
How often would it occur
that there would be some kind
of effect on the
public at large?
>> Apsley: Well,
let's talk about that,
because this is the real
basis to the problem
with nuclear power as a whole.
Any hot particle that's
either inhaled or ingested
in tiny amounts will
have a profound effect
on the structural glue that
holds cells together, the fats.
At higher levels,
much higher levels,
it can effect the genetic code.
And that's what most
scientists think, is that oh,
it's altering --
mutating the genetic code.
But at low levels it can be
a hundred billion times more
lethal because it will melt
these fatty connective glues
that hold the cells together.
That's the first thing.
It's called the Petkau effect.
It was known in 1970.
It was discovered
by a Canadian scientist.
So let me repeat that.
Extremely low levels do not
cause the body to recognize
that there's a serious threat,
and that hot particle just sits
there and it burns and burns
and burns, and it burns
away these essential fats
in our body causing
massive problems
like brain disorders
and heart disease.
There's a thing called Chernobyl
heart. There were massive
amounts of MS and Lou Gehrig's
syndrome that came
out of the kids at Chernobyl.
>> Regina: It has to do with the
sheath and lining of the nerves.
>> Apsley: It does.
It just melts it away like
a hot knife through butter,
because butter is fat, right?
This next thing is
that any amount
of radioactivity,
none of it is safe.
There is no safe
level of radiation.
That's National Academy
of Sciences.
On top of that, now the third
thing is any amount of radiation
that gets into our body
will multiply the toxicity
of anything else in the
body by at least ten fold.
So if you have another
carcinogen
or you smoke cigarettes or
if you have some heavy dose
of herbicide because you're
out in your garden that day,
that toxicity has now
been amplified by ten fold.
If you at the same time
live within five miles
of a nuclear power plant and
the Fukushima event is going on,
and you're eating GMO
foods, for example,
you're in a world of hurt.
For example, back when the
initial studies were done
on what nuclear power plants by
themselves were causing in terms
of health consequences
here it was noted that 18%
of the female population in the
United States lived in and near
within 50 miles of an
active nuclear power plant.
That 18% was responsible for 55%
of all breast cancers
in the United States.
That to me is cause and effect.
The CDC immediately got
involved and they said no,
no, no, that's not true.
And when their scientists
got up there and did all
of the number re-crunching he
admitted, oh, 18% of the women
in this country are
responsible for 33%
of all the breast
cancers in this country.
Now I disagree with that
expert, I think it is 55%.
But so what.
It was approximately double.
Now last thing, children
that are within five miles
of an active nuclear
power plant are known
from international studies and
several international studies
to be 200% more likely to
come down with Leukemia.
So just from these
tritium releases
from nuclear power plants,
that's radioactive hydrogen
which occurs all the
time, and it's legal,
it's part of the normal
operation of these plants,
added on top of the
Fukushima fall out,
if a heavy rain fall
occurs, and you can realize
that because these particles
are going to be with us
for 300 years in the food chain,
that we're in a world of hurt.
Last thing, it doesn't matter
how much radioactive mass
is diluted.
The amount of cancer
that would be caused
if that total amount
was released
in a small group
immediately will occur even
if it takes twenty
years to occur.
Steven Wing at Chapel
Hill has proved that.
So it doesn't matter
how diluted it becomes.
And the reason is because we --
as it goes through the food
chain those diluted particles
become magnified, they become
reconcentrated by 300-fold.
So we're at the top
of the food chain.
We eat the little fish eat
the algae that are grabbing
onto the cesium, right?
The plant at Fukushima.
Then these fish migrate
and the tuna eat them.
We start eating sushi
on the west coast,
and we keep eating the tuna,
we keep eating the tuna,
and it doesn't leave our
body, keeps burning us,
and then suddenly we wind
up with thyroid cancer,
breast cancer twenty years
later, and because half
of us are going to
get cancer anyway,
they can bend the science to say
oh, that wasn't from Fukushima,
that was because it was
just going to happen.
I say no, that's not true.
Number One, we can do something
about these cancer
rates to begin with.
That's Number One.
>> Regina: Yes.
I mean because really,
that sharp spike
in cancer rates has all happened
since we began detonating
nuclear devices all
over the planet, starting with
World War II, post World War II.
This stuff has been everywhere.
>> Apsley: You have
hilt on a point.
In 1950, the US public was the
number one healthiest culture
in the world.
All of the chronic illnesses
that we had were going downhill.
The moment our first nuclear
explosion started in about 1951,
1952, all of
a sudden we were off
to the races being
among the sickest
of nations on the planet.
We're now about somewhere
between 30th and 40th ranking
in health, and we spend
twice as much money
than other country does.
>> Regina: So this
has been going on --
the point is it has been
going on for a long time.
These are just super
concentrated events.
Let me bring up something else.
What about the notion --
you're talking about cancer,
and people use radiation
to kill the cancer.
Yeah. So let's talk about --
>> Apsley: Well, I was in the
middle of finishing a book
on cancer therapy,
natural cancer therapy,
when the explosions
occurred at Fukushima.
I had to stop writing my
cancer book and write the book
on Fukushima because of the
influence this event was going
to have on natural
approaches to cancer.
To answer your question,
conventional chemotherapy
and radiation therapy all
produce hydrogen peroxide
to kill the tumor.
The problem is, is that
-- that's what they do,
they produce hydrogen
peroxide, kill the tumor.
The problem is they also damage
healthy tissue at the same time
and it wears out
our immune system.
That's the problem.
Herbs do the same thing, in
fact most chemotherapy comes
from herbs that also
produce hydrogen peroxide
in the tumor cells.
The key difference is that those
same herbs that can produce just
as much hydrogen peroxide
as radiation therapy
or chemotherapy, they don't
do it to healthy cells.
They have a -- it's a -- like
an intellectual design in them
that they spare and protect
the healthy cells while they go
after the cancer cells.
Now the cool thing is, this
is what my cancer book it all
about, we can safely --
safely enhance conventional
chemotherapy
and conventional radiation
therapy with herbs.
It makes them safer and
it makes them work better.
>> Regina: Well, if it's doing
the same thing why do you need
the chemo and the radiation?
>> Apsley: Well, that's
for our culture to decide.
I mean, we're spending as
I said twice as much money
as anyone else, and
since 1950, folks,
we have not had any success
in the treatment of cancer.
The actual CDC data, the sear
data, it's called sear data,
shows there's been
no improvement
in the overall cancer, either
success rate for treatment
or prevention rate with
conventional treatment.
It's been with hygiene, with
better diet, with refrigeration,
with other things that
we've tone, better exercise,
stop smoking, those
kinds of things.
So the question is that if we
were supposed to use our diet
and our herbs to
keep us healthy,
then it goes back
to who does this.
Who does this?
It's the thirty longest-lived
cultures in the planet
that don't have doctors,
don't have hospitals,
and don't get cancer.
If we just replicate what
they do, we can do it too.
>> Regina: And that's what --
>> Apsley: And that's what
my cancer book was about,
but I had to stop, I had
to put this together.
>> Regina: You need to
get back on that one now.
But you're jogging
something in my memory.
Several years ago I interviewed
a doctor who was talking
about -- a study
that had happened --
I think it was during
the Spanish --
when the Spanish flu
was going around,
that they were using
hydrogen peroxide
and successfully getting rid of
the symptoms from that as well.
But they were ingesting
hydrogen peroxide,
and I know that there is
food grade hydrogen peroxide
and people do do this.
What about that, what's wrong
with using food grade
hydrogen peroxide?
>> Apsley: I would rather
have the cancer cell make an
excessive amount of
hydrogen peroxide all
on its own at the target site.
I would rather have healthy
cells develop more protection
against hydrogen peroxide,
because that accelerates
the aging process,
than them also being dosed
with excessive amounts
of hydrogen peroxide.
It turns out that there's
a massive enzyme system
in the body that protects
us from hydrogen peroxide.
It's found in relatively low
concentrations in cancer cells,
but high concentrations
in healthy cells.
That's how we exploit
natural cures for cancer,
and that's also how
we aid and assist
and render more safe
conventional chemotherapy
and radiation therapy.
>> Regina: Okay, so
let me ask you this.
We have some time and I want to
devote it to these subjects
about healing and reversing
some of the damaging effects
of radiation that
we've been exposed to.
So since you haven't written
the book yet let's talk
about some of those agents.
A, some of the countries you're
speaking about, the hallmark
of their health regime
every day. And then
also about the foods and the
specific herbs that we can use.
>> Apsley: Great.
So in order for the folks to
have the most health to be able
to know what to do, it
turns out in the last book,
in the last chapter,
I cover all of this.
In fact, half of the book
talks about the diet,
half the book talks
about what not to buy,
what foods not to buy.
>> Regina: So start there.
>> Apsley: Ok, what foods
not to buy.
So let's start.
No seafood from the Pacific.
Get it from the Atlantic.
If you can get seafood from the
south Pacific and you know it's
from the south Pacific,
just make sure it doesn't
have Mercury in it
because there is some runoff
from the gold mining they do
in South America, producing
lots of Mercury into the --
like the Chilean sea bass
which is my favorite.
It's full of Mercury.
But other seafoods in
the south can be fine.
Krill is a wonderful protective
agent that's now
in capsule form that's got
the best omega 3 of all time.
It is wonderful and
is perfectly safe.
Cod liver oil from the
Atlantic is also wonderful.
So in terms of diet, do
not eat dairy products
from the west coast.
With apologies to all the great
organic dairy herds there.
>> Regina: Oh, they're
such wonderful little
boutique family-owned dairies.
But it's all contaminated?
>> Apsley: We had
a cancer patient
who was making a recovery
who was just due north
of Portland, Oregon.
And he depended upon his food
that he grew organically on --
we tested his soil, because all
of a sudden he started
getting worse after Fukushima.
We sent it off to Boston to one
of the most fancy testing units
that exist in the United States.
He had the highest
level of radioactive hit
that occurred on the west coast.
So we know there were massive
hits along the west coast.
He eventually died, I think,
because he got reexposed
to large doses.
So no dairy from the west coast.
The trees that bear fruit like
apples and oranges and pears
and cherries, that's
safe from the west coast
because the soil is
going to contain clay,
and as the radiation
hits the soil the roots
of the tree aren't going to
be picking up that radiation,
it's going to get
glued to the topsoil.
>> Regina: Apples,
oranges, and --
>> Apsley: Any tree fruit.
Avocados, nuts, pecans,
walnuts, cashews, all safe,
all safe on the west coast.
But dairy, no.
Sorry. Seafood, no.
>> Regina: You're
talking large --
>> Apsley: And eggs.
Eggs.
>> Regina: No eggs?
>> Apsley: No eggs, because the
range-fed chickens go out there
and they scratch feed,
and they're picking
up this radiation all the time.
>> Regina: When you
say west coast how far
over are we talking?
>> Apsley: Just to the
point of the Rockies.
Now the other areas
that got hit due
to the rainfall coming
down, and will get hit
because it's still going
around in the stratosphere,
this will go around for
seven, eight, ten more years,
and every time there's a massive
rain fall there will be --
that's when the -- Patrick
Flanagan's Geiger counter is
going to go off through
the roof, nine times,
ten times the amount of normal
background, for example, that's
when it occurs.
They'll get hit, and again
those kinds of foods are safe.
The tree-borne fruits
and vegetables.
The vegetables that
aren't safe at all
on the west coast are the
lettuces, the strawberries,
the mushrooms that
are grown outside.
Anything that's grown outside,
including that incredible
food chlorella and Spirulina
that they grow
outdoors in Hawaii,
and also on the west coast.
I'm sorry, just don't get
your sources from there.
But Wisconsin and Texas that
have great organic dairy herds,
buy all the cheeses, the
yogurts, the milks you want
from them, the eggs, they have
eggs, little bit more expensive
but it's a great super food.
So you know, please buy those.
And to the east,
those areas are good.
But remember we do
have this problem
with nuclear power plants.
>> Regina: Yes , okay.
>> Apsley: Those areas
are a problem too.
>> Regina: That's been ongoing.
>> Apsley: Now how we
solve that, I'm sorry to --
I don't want to leave the
audience hanging there.
It's not hopeless, folks.
We're just talking about two
simple things that we need to
do. We just have to quench --
>> Regina: I just have
one more question,
what about the cattle
industries for people
who eat meats and so forth?
>> Apsley: Yes, they're at
the top of the food chain,
and they're grazing on that
grass all day long.
If the radiation has hit that,
at low levels because they graze
and they graze and they graze --
>> Regina: So poultry, meats of
all kinds, anything from west
of the Rockies, don't do it?
>> Apsley: Well, no.
East -- correct.
West of the Rockies,
stay away from it.
Yeah, because they'll
accumulate --
>> Regina: Because these
animals are concentrating
through their own food chain.
So that's the real danger.
>> Apsley: They have to.
They have to.
And that's exactly what appears
to be killing off the Pacific
Ocean along the west coast,
is that it's gone into the food
chain and this will continue
to get worse because
the bio magnification
of 300 fold will
continue for the next
at least 150 years
until it peaks.
That's a problem.
But there's good news.
>> Regina: Yes, let's talk
about the good news part now.
>> Apsley: Fruits and vegetables
will get the quenching going
to stop this production
of burning levels of
hydrogen peroxide.
>> Regina: Now what is it
chemically that creates that?
Is it just the live enzymes?
>> Apsley: Yeah,
there are two things.
There are the actual
antioxidants that are in those
foods. But more importantly,
if we're talking
about the regeneration effect,
which is my favorite subject,
let the body heal itself.
What we know is that at the
age of 25 when you're healthy,
you have 100,000 genetic
mutations or injuries that occur
in each of your cells each day.
100,000. And that's just
to the genetic core.
That doesn't include all of the
mistakes and injuries that occur
to your cell body or
the outer membrane.
So say by three,
multiply that by three,
and you've got 50 trillion human
cells sitting there right now,
50 trillion times 300,000
serious errors, mutations,
injuries, that at the age of 25
when you're healthy, you fix.
If we know how to feed
and maintain that system
of repair what drug,
what vitamin, what herb,
what homeopathic remedy
can possibly compete
with that number of repairs that
we're designed to do each day?
Let that fix the body.
Well, it turns out that
embryonic food factors, nuts,
seeds, eggs, bee pollen, raw
glandular meets that you get
in capsule so you don't
have to taste them,
all turn that system on.
That's been my subject of study
and practice for thirty years.
I am an expert in --
>> Regina: Embryonic foods?
>> Apsley: That means seeds,
pollen, eggs, young --
even the algaes that
are not contaminated.
They're wonderful super foods.
And in fact I probably coined
the term super foods way back
in the '80s.
I actually have mail to
myself my original writings.
It wasn't because I was
so smart that I came
up with the term super food.
It was because of the great work
that had done by others to
determine what turns on
regeneration in the human body,
and it's these embryonic
food factors involved.
>> Regina: Because it has
the original coding in it?
>> Apsley: Yes.
And it's universal
replacement parts.
That original coding will go
into all of the food chain.
It will be immediate going on.
Immediate going it.
It doesn't need to be converted.
They're like an immediate
replacement part
that has the code, that has the
information of correct function.
And that's why the
cesium is so dangerous,
it's destroying this
code of communication
that we don't have any longer.
Last thing, where do I
get my information from?
From the thirty longest-lived
cultures that are doing it
for the last five
thousand years.
We have the science.
During the Cold War the greatest
of the cultures, the Akazians
in the Caucasus Mountains
of what's now Georgia,
they were the longest living.
They were documented
meticulously to live to the age
of 140, 150, 130, 120.
They were known scientifically
not
to start their aging
process until they were 100.
The next group with
the Hunzakuts in
extreme north west Pakistan of
today, but back then in India.
Amazing studies were
done by a general surgeon
in the British army, McGarrison.
I have all of his documentation,
he went through a massive
animal experiments to show
that what the humans were
doing in the Himalayas
that were causing them to
live till 100, 110, 120,
that they didn't start their
aging process until about 90
in that case, was because of
how the minerals in the soil
from the glacial run
off during the spring,
something that Patrick Flanagan
is a world class an expert in,
causes the initial
fertilizer of the soil.
And these foods that
are grown in that,
when you eat them you don't
need all of these stimulants
that our kids are doing to
their poor bodies today.
It's an instant turn on.
These embryonic super foods
are incredibly powerful foods
that give you strength,
endurance, clarity of mind,
vision to see the
moons of Jupiter.
Just amazing things that these
thirty cultures have experienced
and even today --
>> Regina: And they all have
these embryonic foods in common?
>> Apsley: The seventh day
Adventists in the polluted area
of Los Angeles live to the age
of 90, 95, 100, in massive
numbers because they concentrate
on nuts and seeds.
And they purify their
bodies by their diet style.
And they get lots of oxygen
because they work out all day,
they walk, for example,
and they meditate.
They meditate all the time.
That was the four pillars.
Detoxification, oxygenation,
embryonic super foods,
and meditative states, that all
thirty cultures practice every
single day.
That was the secret.
But it comes down to
this whole thing about --
we live in this profoundly
dirty fish tank today.
The average American can do this
with a 55 minute daily program,
first thing in the morning.
They can set up their
day to accomplish all
of the same things that these
longest-lived people do,
right in their own kitchens.
I don't care if it's
New York City,
if the seventh day
Adventists are doing it in LA,
by God we can do it in Chicago.
>> Regina: What's that
55 minutes look like?
>> Apsley: Well, okay, the first
thing is the thyroid function.
The thyroid function.
Now we got hit, nailed in this
country, you mentioned it,
by the bomb explosions
above ground
which took place
until about '63.
Massive numbers of American's
thyroids were damaged
at that time.
We have to medicate properly,
naturally, at least with iodine,
and we have to warm
our bodies up for
at least 20 to 30 minutes.
We can do it in a hot tub,
we can do it in a hot shower,
and we need to breathe
while we're there.
Cancer treatment, for example,
that is very successful,
put people in heat, give them
oxygen while they're being
heated, an then their medicines
improved their treatment ability
by 2,000%.
Heat, oxygen, and medicine.
2,000% increase in benefits.
We could do the same
thing with our food.
Take our smoothies, delicious
smoothies, chocolate,
strawberry flavor,
vanilla flavor.
Add these super foods in
there, you can't taste them.
And you drink that
and then make a supply
for the rest of the day.
Just a little bit, 4
ounces, 6 ounces, 8 ounces,
drink it three times a
day and you're there.
>> Regina: That's it?
>> Apsley: Well,
meditation and exercise.
>> Regina: Okay, let me
ask you about other things,
having interviewed Patrick and
the others, several others,
one thing that kept coming up
that you can also do to detox,
and I want your take on it,
because you were talking
about the quality of the soil,
is folic and humic acid,
for example, zeolite some
people call it zeolite,
that this is another thing
one can do to start helping
to detox the body, along with
as you say the green things.
Some say the chlorella and such,
you're saying be careful
of the source, just
not the west coast.
What about some of those
other kind of super nutrients?
>> Apsley: Well, a lot of
chlorella comes from Japan
and a lot comes from Taiwan.
Right now I'm saying stay
away from the sources.
The zeolite is not folic
acid or humic acid,
folic acid and humic
acid are incredible sources
of a very unusual carrier
acid that transports minerals
into the cells of our body.
>> Regina: So this
is a good thing?
>> Apsley: Yeah.
If it's from good soils, like
the shilajit, excuse me,
the shilajit from
the Himalayas,
where one of the
longest-lived cultures live,
that's great stuff.
That's really high in
folic and humic acid,
it has all 80
trace minerals in there.
That goes into the body
and rips out hydrogen
which is the poison we need
to get rid of all the time
and does us a great service.
It's remarkable for
endurance, and for --
and also for transporting
even medicines into the body.
>> Regina: So that's
a good thing,
and there are some good
supplies out there.
I know Drumbloy, I spoke with
Drumbloy about this a week
or two ago and he was getting --
well, he was using the
science based out of Hungary
and finding some
good sources of it.
I know on his site
they'll kind of lead you
to different sources of that.
But what about the zeolite?
>> Apsley: The zeolite,
now that's the special stuff.
That's the strongest of all
the clays, and there is a --
several groups, not
many, that make it
into nanoscaler particles.
So the surface area of that
zeolite that's nanoscaler,
that's way, way tiny, is
huge, and it's very powerful.
It's charged, it's
negatively charged.
So these radioactive particles
are all positively charged,
except for the iodine and
there's rare other things.
But for the most part
they're positively charged.
So when that zeolite
that's nanoscaler goes in,
it goes into the blood
stream, it goes into the cells
and it selectively, we don't
know why, it selectively rips
out the worst of the
worst, leaving behind --
>> Regina: It's like chelation
of sorts.
>> Apsley: It's chelation
for the worst of the worst.
It doesn't chelate out en
masse, the good minerals
that are also positively
charged.
>> Regina: So only
identifies the ones
that need to be, the junk?
>> Apsley: Yes.
And what we're doing
with the poor sailors
from the USS Ronald Reagan,
that's the first thing we're
going to hit them with,
with nanoscaler zeolite.
So they're --
>> Regina: Where
do we find that?
Can you talk about
-- who makes that?
I know this isn't to sell,
but we need to know
how we can access this.
>> Apsley: Well it's important
to know the information,
it's important to
know who sells it.
If people go to my
website or go
to my free newsletter, I give
them all the information.
They can go to their own
source to find these products.
>> Regina: Tell us
your website again.
>> Apsley: They can contact
me through DrApsley.com.
That's D-R Apsley.com.
Or through my e-mail that goes
to that webstie:
John@drapsley.com and we have
this free newsletter that goes
out that tells people, here,
these four basic things today is
what you should look at for your
whole family, here's why,
and here's where
you can get them.
So the -- as I stated,
there's four simple steps
to reverse this problem.
We have to neutralize the harm
of the hydrogen peroxide
right now.
Fruits and vegetables,
the juices, the smoothie.
We have to then pull it
out as fast as possible,
the nano zeolite and
the edible clays that go
through the intestines.
The nano zeolite goes
out through the kidney.
It goes into the cells and out
through the kidney.
The other clays go through
the intestinal tract
where all the other
poisons come out.
And that can be done
longer term.
The nano zeolite shouldn't
be done all the time for a year,
it should be done just
until all the radiation is
out of your body.
Then the -- the regeneration
part, then to repair
at massive rates of speed the
damage that's already been done.
And that's done with the super
foods, these detox, oxygenation.
>> Regina: I have to ask you
this, we're almost out of time.
What about iodine?
I know there are some complexes
that have T 1, 2,
3, and 4 in them.
What should we be doing
about iodine supplementation?
>> Apsley: Well, if you can find
an iodine source that has T3
in it, 3 tyrosine
molecules, it's an amino acid,
more power to you,
that's fantastic.
That would be likely be
illegal over the counter.
I'd love to have it over the
counter, because there are
so many Americans today --
the way to test for that is
to do your temperature
underneath your arm first thing
in the morning before
you get out of bed.
It needs to be 98.0
with a good thermometer,
needs to be an accurate
thermometer.
So if you're using a digital
make sure you buy the ones
that are accurate to
0.2 degrees Farenheit,
make sure it says
that when you buy it.
And then push it down twice
without moving it
out of the underarm.
If it's not 98.0, let's say
it's 97.0, your immune system
and your enzyme systems that
make you work are working
at least a thousand
percent less than normal.
Just by one degree.
Some studies show
2,000% less per degree.
>> Regina: Wow.
Jump in the hot tub and then
take your temperature again.
>> Apsley: That's it.
That's why you do that
first thing in the morning.
That's right.
>> Regina: Okay, so now I
know a lot of the information
you've talked about is available
in the back of this book
until you put out
your cancer book.
And then again I love
free newsletters,
I so appreciate it
when people put
out newsletters as a service.
Wow, what a wealth
of information.
Thank you so much for
sharing it with us.
>> Apsley: Thank you
for having people.
>> Regina: I think you've
helped a lot of people today.
>> Apsley: Thank you, Regina.
>> Regina: You might also want
to watch my Healing Matrix
program with Katrine Volynsky,
a Russian woman who
lived through Chernobyl
and devoted her life to
healing herself and others
with radiation detox,
well worth watching.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]